abbey_A0=Abbey 
archives_A0=Archives 
armoury_A0=Armory 
bakery_A0=Bakery
carpenterhouse_A0=Carpenter's House
cattlefarm_A0=Cattle Farm
church_A0=Chapel
church_A2=Church
farm_A0=Farm
farm_B0=Farm
forge_A0=Forge
fort_A0=Fort
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Guard Tower
fort_A_righttower_A0=Guard Tower
grove_A0=Grove
grove_B0=Grove
grove_C0=Grove
darkoakgrove_a0=Dark Oak Grove
guardhouse_A0=Guard House
guesthouse_A0=Guest House
guildhouse_A0=Guild House
inn_A0=Inn
lumbermanhut_A0=Lumberman's Hut
lumbermanhut_B0=Lumberman's Hut
manor_A0=Manor
market_A0=Market
pigfarm_A0=Pig Farm
playerestate_A0=City Estate
playerhugefield_A0=Huge Plot
playerlargefield_A0=Large Plot
playerlargehouse_A0=Bourgeois House
playersmallfield_A0=Small Plot
playersmallhouse_A0=Small House
presbytery_A0=Priest's House
quarry_A0=Quarry
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Sheep Farm
tavern_A0=Tavern
watchtower_A0=Watchtower
fountain_A0=Fountain
largefountain_A0=Large Fountain
well_A0=Well
alchemyworkshop_A0=Alchemy Workshop
townhall_A0=Town Hall
townhallagricole_A0=Town Hall
largefort_A_armoury_A0=Armory
largefort_A_barrack_A0=Guard Room
largefort_A0=Fortress
playerlargefort_A0=Fortress

playerfort_A0=Fort
anomalyone_A0=Anomaly One
anomalytwo_A0=Anomaly Two
anomalythree_A0=Anomaly Three

custom_chickenfarm=Chicken Farm

lonelumbermanhut_A0=Lumberman's Hut
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Lumberman's Hut
lonemine_A0=Lone Mine
loneabbey_A0=Lone Abbey
ruinedfarm_A0=Ruined Farm
ruinedfarm_B0=Ruined Farm
ruinedfarm_C0=Ruined Farm
banditlair_A0=Bandit Lair
alchemisttower_A0=Alchemist's Tower
bandittower_A0=Bandit's Tower
abandonedmill_A0=Abandoned Mill
abandonedmine_A0=Abandoned Mine
abandonedtower_A0=Destroyed Tower
loneinn_A0=Lone Inn
lonemill_A0=Lone Watermill
feloncastle_A0=Felon Castle
pantheon_A0=Pantheon

gifthouse_a0=Gift House