quarrybyzantine_A0=Kamieniolom
grovebyzantine_A0=Zagajnik
testfarm_A0=Farma
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Mlyn
churchbyzantine_A0=Plac budowy kosciola
churchbyzantine_A9=Cerkiew prawoslawna
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Oltarz
artisanbyzantine_A0=Dom artysty
workshopbyzantine_A0=Warsztat
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Antyczna Swiatynia
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Antyczny Teatr
bakerybyzantine_A0=Piekarnia
placebyzantine_A0=Ratusz
fortbyzantine_A0=Fort
forgebyzantine_A0=Kuznia
villa urbana_A0=Villa Urbana
tavernbyzantine_A0=Tawerna
bakerybyzantine_A0=Piekarnia
fisherbyzantine_A0=Chata rybaka
lumberbyzantine_A0=Chata drwala
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Wieza straznicza
chapelbyzantine_A0=Kaplica
farmbyzantine_A0=Farma
sheepbyzantine_A0=Farma owiec
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Fort
innbyzantine_A0=Karczma
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Pensjonat
basilkabyzantine_A0=Targ
barracksbyzantine_A0=Koszary
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Sypialnia koszar
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Prezbiterium
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kuznia
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kuznia
well_A0=Studnia

oaktower_A0=Wieza straznicza
birchtower_A0=Wieza straznicza
pinetower_A0=Wieza straznicza
jungletower_A0=Wieza straznicza

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Winnica
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Brzozowy zagajnik
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Farma jedwabiu
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Sypialnia fortu
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Sypialnia fortu
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Sypialnia fortu
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Sypialnia fortu
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Sypialnia fortu
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Sypialnia fortu
lighthouse_a0=Latarnia morska
architectbyzantine_a0=Studio architekta
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Samotna sypialnia fortu
lonecastle_a0=Samotny fort
lonesheepfarm_a0=Samotna farma owiec
lonesheepfarm_b0=Samotna farma owiec
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Debowy zagajnik

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Plac cwiczebny
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Kaplica

gifthouse_a0=Dom - Prezent
playersmallhouse_a0=Maly dom


crossbyzantine_a0=Przydrozny krzyz
parkbyzantine_a0=Brzoza
parkbyzantine_b0=Dab
parkbyzantine_c0=Dab
parkbyzantine_d0=Park
shrinebyzantine_a0=Miejsce kultu
wellbyzantine_a0=Studnia
wellbyzantine_b0=Studnia