culture.norman=Normandia

//Norman:
villager.abbot=Opat
villager.carpenter=Ciesla
villager.cattleFarmerMale=Pasterz krow
villager.cattleFarmerFemale=Pasterz krow
villager.pigherd=Pasterz swin
villager.pigherdF=Pasterz swin
villager.shepherd=Pasterz owiec
villager.shepherdF=Pasterz owiec
villager.boy=Chlopiec
villager.girl=Dziewczynka
villager.teenagerMale=Nastolatek
villager.teenagerFemale=Nastolatka
villager.farmer=Farmer
villager.merchant_viking=Handlarz wikingow
villager.merchant_weapon=Handlarz bronia
villager.merchant_plant=Handlarz roslin
villager.merchant_art=Handlarz dziel sztuki
villager.merchant_wool=Handlarz tekstyliami
villager.merchant_food=Handlarz jedzeniem
villager.guard=Straznik
villager.guildmaster=Mistrz gildii
villager.knight=Rycerz
villager.lady=Lady
villager.lumberman=Drwal
villager.merchant=Kupiec
villager.miner=Gornik
villager.monk=Mnich
villager.priest=Ksiadz
villager.seneschal=Rzadca
villager.smith=Kowal
villager.wife=Wiesniaczka
villager.innkeeperfemale=Karczmarka
villager.innkeepermale=Karczmarz
villager.lonemiller=Mlynarz
villager.merchant_weapons=Handlarz bronia
villager.robberbaron=Herszt bandytow
villager.robberleader=Herszt bandytow

villager.lonelumberman=Drwal
villager.lonelumbermantaiga=Drwal
villager.loneminer=Gornik
villager.lonemonk=Mnich
villager.loneabbot=Opat
villager.alchemist=Alchemik
villager.alchemistassistant=Asystent Alchemika
villager.alchemistapprentice=Alchemik praktykant
villager.bandit=Bandyta
villager.armoredbandit=Bandyta
villager.felonbaron=Bandyta
villager.felonsoldier=Bandyta



shop.townhall=Glowny sklep
shop.forge=Narzedzia
shop.armoury=Zbroje i bron
shop.bakery=Chleb
shop.cattlefarm=Produkty wolowe
shop.pigfarm=Produkty wieprzowe
shop.sheepchickenfarm=Drob
shop.tavern=Alkohol
shop.lumberman=Jablka cydrowe
shop.lonemine=Kamien
shop.alchemyworkshop=Produkty alchemiczne
shop.lonelumberman=Drewno i jablka
shop.lonemill=Chleb
shop.loneinn=Jedzenie i napoje
shop.lonelumbermantaiga=Drewno
shop.loneabbey=Produkty Opactwa