
abbey_A0=Opactwo
archives_A0=Archiwa
armoury_A0=Zbrojownia
bakery_A0=Piekarnia
carpenterhouse_A0=Dom ciesli
cattlefarm_A0=Farma krow
church_A0=Kosciol
church_A2=Kosciol
farm_A0=Farma
farm_B0=Farma
forge_A0=Kuznia
fort_A0=Fort
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Wieza straznika
fort_A_righttower_A0=Wieza straznika
grove_A0=Zagajnik
grove_B0=Zagajnik
grove_C0=Zagajnik
darkoakgrove_a0=nik ciemnego debu
guardhouse_A0=Dom Straznika
guesthouse_A0=Dom goscinny
guildhouse_A0=Dom gildii
inn_A0=Karczma
lumbermanhut_A0=Chata drwala
lumbermanhut_B0=Chata drwala
manor_A0=Dwor
market_A0=Targ
pigfarm_A0=Farma swin
playerestate_A0=Posiadlosc miejska
playerhugefield_A0=Ogromne pole
playerlargefield_A0=Duze pole
playerlargehouse_A0=Burzuazyjny dom
playersmallfield_A0=Male pole
playersmallhouse_A0=Maly dom
presbytery_A0=Prezbiterium
quarry_A0=Kamieniolom
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Farma owiec
tavern_A0=Tawerna
watchtower_A0=Wieza obserwacyjna
fountain_A0=Fontanna
largefountain_A0=Duza fontanna
well_A0=Studnia
alchemyworkshop_A0=sztat alchemika
townhall_A0=Ratusz
townhallagricole_A0=Dwor
largefort_A_armoury_A0=Zbrojownia
largefort_A_barrack_A0=Dom Straznika
largefort_A0=Duzy fort
playerlargefort_A0=Duzy fort gracza

playerfort_A0=Fort gracza
anomalyone_A0=Pierwsza anomalia
anomalytwo_A0=Druga anomalia
anomalythree_A0=Trzecia anomalia

custom_chickenfarm=Farma kurczakow

lonelumbermanhut_A0=Chata drwala
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Chata drwala
lonemine_A0=Kopalnia
loneabbey_A0=Opactwo
ruinedfarm_A0=Zruinowana farma
ruinedfarm_B0=Zruinowana farma
ruinedfarm_C0=Zruinowana farma
banditlair_A0=Kryjowka bandytow
alchemisttower_A0=Wieza alchemika
bandittower_A0=Wieza bandytow
abandonedmill_A0=Porzucony mlyn
abandonedmine_A0=Porzucona kopalnia
abandonedtower_A0=Porzucona wieza
loneinn_A0=Karczma
lonemill_A0=Mlyn wodny
feloncastle_A0=Zamek zbrodniarza
pantheon_A0=Panteon

gifthouse_a0=Dom - Prezent